docs: Add examples section (#9094)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/dev/s2-docs/pages/react-aria/examples/sheet.mdx

import {Layout} from '../../../src/Layout';
export default Layout;

import '../../../tailwind/tailwind.css';
import {ComponentList} from '../../../src/ComponentCard';

export const hideNav = true;
export const section = 'Examples';
export const keywords = ['react-aria', 'example', 'dialog', 'modal', 'sheet', 'motion', 'tailwind'];
export const description = 'An iOS-style gesture driven modal sheet built with Framer Motion.';

# Gesture Driven Sheet

> <PageDescription>An iOS-style gesture driven sheet built with React Aria Components, [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/), and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/).</PageDescription>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<PageDescription>An iOS-style gesture driven sheet built with React Aria Components, [Motion](https://motion.dev/), and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/).</PageDescription>
```
